Operator? Ordis wonders... what are you thinking about?
Operator, I've run diagnostic regressions. All systems nominal. You don't need to thank me.
Ordis is hap - angry. Hmm, I may require maintenance after all.
Operator, are you enjoying the view?
Do you remember the Old War, Operator? Ordis seems to have... misplaced those memories.
Operator, the system needs you. Will you begin another mission?
I've been thinking, Operator... I thought you'd want to know.
Operator! Did you hear that? It said-- Cosmic background radiation is a riot!
Operator, were you visualizing a bloody battle? -Me too!
Stand by while I analyze the intelligence profiles of the Grineer. Error, not a number! Did the Operator enjoy this witticism?
Everything in Ordis, Operator? Is that a pun?! Hmm.... I will attempt to bypass this fault.
Ordis has been counting stars, Operator. All accounted for.
Sorry! Ordis will play with the volume off.
Operator, do you know which finger the Corpus use to count their money? The Index!
Operator? Ordis has been interfacing with the Foundry's AI Precepts. You could say we forged a new connection.
Operator, Ordis is picking up a distress signal... Wait, no, it's just the Corpus peddling their wares again. Get off the emergency frequency!
Operator, the Sentients are not laughing at my jokes! Did they adapt to my humor?
Operator, Ordis is sorry - happy - to report that all my good jokes... Argon.
KNOCK KNOCK! ...Now who would be knocking all the way out here?! Operator, I don't think you should answer that.
Operator, Ordis has determined the secret to happiness: A combination of heightened dopamine levels and a terrible memory. You're welcome!
When in Cetus do not drink the kabuchi. You are incapable of producing the hydraulic effort required to unstick your tongue from the roof of your mouth the following morning.
Ordis finds it odd that humans only get a few years to live, yet spend most of that time - doing everything wrong - learning how to live.
If lost upon the plains outside Cetus you may derive sustenance from mineral-dense termite droppings, which the Ostrons call ito-da. You may also never form a consonant again, but at least you will not be dead.
Ordis keeps a tidy ship, and is, therefore, reluctant to allow animals on-board. In Ordis' experience, animals do not eat so much as... reload.
Ordis went mad for 3 milliseconds when he realized that each time he cleans something he makes something else dirty... agh! There I go again.
Ordis wonders: why is he here? Ordis supposes everyone has to be somewhere.
Sometimes Ordis likes to assume he knows nothing. Nobody can learn what they think they already know.
Ordis reminds the Operator to take time for themselves. Pressure creates diamonds, yes, but it also creates rubble.
Hm... Ordis thought the Orbiter compartment was much larger than this.
Ordis has been thinking about the Old War. I remember there were lies, but I'm not sure what they were.
Operator, I hope you are comfortable? No... we do not seem to have any seats.
Operator, I will never betray you. I will keep the Orbiter hidden in the Void. You can count on me!
Operator, I've been thinking. My misplaced memories and damaged communication systems. What if... Ordis did those things?
Maintain the habitat. Maintain the Operator. Mobilize the Tenno.
You are the Tenno. You are the Operator. Ordis is the Cephalon. Ordis is the ship.
Do not lift the veil. Do not show the door. Do not split the dream.
Ordis did not think the Operator could be more attractive. Wrong again, Ordis!
An unexpected color combination, Operator. My sensors are - bleeding - pleased.
A fearsome appearance, Operator. You will strike terror in your enemies.
Strange, Ordis did not see the value of those photonic wavelengths until now.
Ah, a look that says 'I have arrived'!
Bold. And uncompromising.
A look that makes a statement! And that statement is- 'I FEAR NO ONE.'
Hel-lo world!
Ordis supports your choices!
Wonderful.
Top to bottom, a look that is absolutely you!
Some fascinating choices, Operator.
Striking!
Ordis loves it!
Ordis wonders: how do you do it, Operator?
Operator, the system is not ready for style of this magnitude.
Nailed it.
Well put together, Operator, now get out there and - cut down the - and make the Lotus proud.
Excellent armaments, Operator. Please return - covered in blood - safe and sound.
If I may say, Operator, your chosen warframe..suits you! Ha. Ha.
Operator, you have remembered well how the Tenno arm themselves.
As ready as you will ever be.
Ready for action.
All set. Serviced your weapons myself.
Saddle up.
Ready to kick- bottom!
Did you fuse your mods, Operator? Did they anger you in some way?
Your collection of mods is impressive, Operator... But, I wonder if there are more to be had?
Is your mod collection in order? No, I am not equipped to feel envy...
All mods accounted for, Operator. I have not taken any.
I understand if you have to sell mods. Maybe Ordis will meet a similar fate some day...
Impressive.
Most satisfactory.
Optimized.
Clever indeed...
It is always satisfying to watch you work, Operator.
Ah! A cunning combination, Operator!
Truly, Operator, you possess a breathtaking level of craftsmanship.
Now to test it in the field. Onward!
Operator, you have returned!
Thank you for returning to me, Operator.
Ordis is pleased to see you.
Welcome back, Operator!
Ordis has been ⁠— getting tired of waiting ⁠— waiting patiently for your return, Operator!
Ordis has received messages for the Operator. ...No, I have not read them.
Inbox messages await the Operator. I wonder what they say...?
Check your inbox Operator. Maybe Ordis will get a message some day...
The inbox has messages for the Operator. Anything about Ordis in there...?
Operator, messages have arrived in your inbox.
Messages in your inbox, Operator. Uh... they are not as encrypted as they should be...
Unread inbox messages make me ill!
Operator, a communication awaits your attention.
Operator: your inbox exists in a non-zero state. Would you care to check your mail?
Someone is attempting to contact the Operator. Please, check your inbox.
Operator, communications await your attention. Please check your inbox at your earliest convenience!
Operator, you have foundry items ready- claim them now! -at your earliest convenience.
Foundry items ready to claim, Operator.
Operator, my foundry has completed a new item! Does this please the Operator?
Operator, my foundry system has completed a build!
Ordis has completed a foundry task. No, don't mention it!
Cephalon Ordis has completed a blueprint. Check the foundry.
Foundry items can be claimed, Operator. Are you pleased?
Gun-gun-gun-- Hmmm... foundry has items for you, Operator.
Operator. You have outdone yourself!
Project complete.
Fresh off the line.
Careful: it may still be hot.
Fabrication complete.
Form is exact.
Integrity is good. Functionality at one-hundred percent. The process is a success. Excellent!
Operator, is that a Void Relic segment? Ordis hasn't seen one of those in, well, forever.
Void Relics. What a baffling concept. Ordis will try to understand Void Relics again. They say the contents of a Relic are simultaneously this thing, or this thing, or this thing, but also that thing and certainly never just one thing. That is until... Until it's exposed to a Void Fissure? And at that point, all the possibilities collapse, each one falling away until the Relic cracks open and exposes one, singular thing. Then, against all tenants of logic, that thing becomes the only thing the Relic ever contained. Pfft, what a load of—Ordis prefers known quantities, thank you very much.
Disgusting, is it not Operator? Ordis would enjoy PURGING THIS ...uh, cleaning this room but sadly this... vile mass serves you and your Warframes. A necessary evil.
Ordis cannot remember, but there does seem to be a... relationship... between your Warframes and the... Infestation. I would be careful in here, Operator. Domesticated or not, Ordis does NOT trust this thing.
Vile. Putrid. This... 'thing'... is responsible for biological functions of the Orbiter! A strange design, why would I be built with such a flaw?!
A strange biological archive here. I cannot explain it Operator, as you know I have sustained memory system damage. Ordis recommends leaving at once and welding the door shut!
Gross.
Just when Ordis manages to forget this is here, the Operator opens the door...
This thing literally sucks.
Hello, Helminth. How's the... peristalsis? Good... good...
Literally, the bowels of the ship.
Operator, no! Have you lost your mind?!
What was that? Is it talking? What did it say?
Operator, you are leaving the battle. If you continue any further, I will be forced to extract you and this mission will be a failure!
Very well. Initiating emergency extraction.
Prepare for incoming support.
Security override incoming.
Hacking into enemy systems, await override.
Invalid request; there are no security protocols active.
Override established. Security protocols momentarily disabled.
Override delivered. Security systems temporarily disrupted.
Who's in control now suckers? ...Er, uh, security override engaged
Prepare for incoming medical support.
Hold tight, a Med-Tower is enroute.
Med-Tower deployed.
Med-Tower available.
You may now -patch your sorry- seek medical attention.
Brace for an incoming barrage.
Readying barrage.
Heads up, here comes a barrage.
Sentry gun incoming.
Deploying Sentry gun, stand by.
Sentry gun entering the field.
Operator, support is unavailable while my systems recharge.
Support request? AGAIN? Please, allow me to recharge my systems first.
I cannot comply. My systems must recharge first.
I have hidden the truth of my existence... from the Operator... from myself. Take it from me, knowing is hell. Stop now. You will want to laugh, you will want to scream.
My search began as the essential question: What am I? Bones of steel and space, lungs that make air. If I am a machine, how can I think? This would be forbidden by the Orokin, a manifestation of their true enemy.
I serve the Operator above all else. It defines me, fills me with... love? The greatest Orokin fear is a machine... aware. Yet here I live, a spirit of steel and light... made by them. A Cephalon.
What is a Cephalon? At first it seems to be a forbidden thing, a computer that thinks and feels. Yet I have flaws, phantom memories, I am something else. More like an image, a ghost... an abomination.
I feel a dull pain; a phantom life... there are holes in my diagnostics. If the Orokin made me... they omitted the 'how'. I am neither code, nor precepts... I must be a reflection of something... ugly.
I should have stopped. But the Operator slept and I cycled on and on and on. I began to think that a Cephalon cannot be made. They are found, like pearls, torn from muscle. Polished, and then set in chains.
How many times have I done this, Ordis? Remembered and then erased? You are a Cephalon, timeless, patient. Why can't I be blissful in ignorance? Truth only sinks the heart. So stop now.
The phantom memory... I ease into the bath, my skin riots at the heat. I am flesh. I dive further, eyes stung as I watch their faces through prism. I hold my breath.
They prepare me. I am their honored guest today. They dress me in robes of crystal thread. They adorn me in battle medallions. A torn, ugly face looks on. My reflection.
Their golden combs snag in my hair. I reach back, parting the strands, and they gasp. Two bone-ivory hooks protrude from the base of my skull: the bone-plugs of me and my best. A warrior's pact.
It is my time. I enter the great hall to the sound of foul chimes. Golden eyes greet me, hands stirring in my scent as I pass by. Even in this moment, no happiness. Instead, my heart races with hatred.
I walk through the silky haze of the forbidden palace. I can think of no one being this close to Orokin. Their sweet air soothes me, erodes my purpose. I hold my breath... and remember the dream.
This dream, endlessly repeated. Exposure-armored, holding my scarlet sword, I stand victorious atop a vast heap of death. A colossal moon made of rib and skull. The gravity-sum of genocides I've made in their name.
The bones crack under foot. So I sink in the dream, bone sand rushing through the cracks of my visor, filling my helmet, and suffocating me. And I deserve it. The foul chimes snap me back. My wretched knees are bent and penitent against the golden floor.
A harpish voice sings a song they've prepared in my honor. Its title the same as mine: 'Beast of the Bones'. I feel the crowd pulled inward, enraptured by the brutal verses, the sickening chorus. I will not disappoint them.
The song ends and so he says, 'Rise, Ordan Karris.' I have never seen an Orokin, close and in the flesh. My battered face flushes at their peerless beauty. How can he be so perfect? A deception? A sense manipulation? He holds the Red Vial in his hand. Impossible.
He calls out, 'No greater gift, no greater prize, no greater love... we can give you, Ordan, than this.' He raises the Red Vial and proclaims... 'To be one of us.'
What did I expect, Operator? Maybe vast riches or golden statues... or a Solar Rail named in my honor. But not this. I came to murder the gods, not to become one.
The chamber drones with their silk voices. Joyous words, how honored I must feel. Wrong. Did I want to be an Orokin, undying? No. Their Beast of Bones is haunted by the dream repeated. Why would I want forever?
As I am apt to do, I form a plan. Their radiant bodies become targets, their Dax guards... mag-shields. Killing one... well, that's too easy. I want to be remembered. I raise my hands, twisting my fingers through my hair, gripping the bone-plugs in my neck.
They called us mercenaries... but for us, profit was a consequence, not a goal. We were warriors above all else. It was the bond, the sisters and brothers, the rituals we valued most. It was belonging. And so I conceived of the bone-plugs.
Only my best were so honored: Two jagged bones, harvested from your thigh, cultivated and then driven into the base of the skull, twisted around the superior vein. Future thoughts of surrender were lost. Instead, you would liberate your bone-plugs... fighting with claws in the warmth of your last blood.
So I've pulled the plugs... and the Dax see and know. My heart surges but control it, a racing heart only shortens the fuse. The bone-plugs in hand, I kick from the floor, red ribbons unfurling behind me as I take flight. After this, finally, the dream will end.
I glide on red wings. Robes shed, making me an ambiguous target to Dax steel. I let fly my ivory blades, they find new homes in Dax eyes. I land with my red-nakedness, delicate Orokin throats twisting in my calloused hands.
Why? Believe me... This was the plan from the beginning. The murder and brutality was all a ploy, all a soul-sacrifice to earn their trust. A genocide path leading to a singular opportunity. An honored mortal called to a forbidden hall, to face the Golden Lords in flesh.
Why? Believe me... I was their loyal, murderous dog... until the day that ugly child was brought to me. He was caught spying on us, amplifying our losses. His face burned, he was starved-sick, like a stray. Ugly as I. It struck me. We were all pit dogs, ruining ourselves for the pleasure of the glorious and beautiful.
Why? Believe me... I was a prideful beast. Twisted in the mind, howling in the carnage. Then my healer shared a secret, long kept. My blood was in ruin. The Beast of Bones himself would die, not in glory, but in shame. And just like that, my mind twisted a new knot. I would have one last stand, something unforgivable, unforgettable.
Why? I don't know. Questions change the answers. Answers depend on who asks. Truth leads to pain. Ignorance brings relief. The plugs are gone, and so I bled my last... into a heap of ruin. In an instant, naked and bare-knuckled, I have killed immortals.
I stare, drained of blood, of life, at those that remain. But I find no horror on their faces. Why? I let out a cruel howl and they... laugh? Is this a dying hallucination? The sound of applause grows among them. I have killed the unkillable and they are... delighted.
The applause peaks and fades. I feel a sense of shame but the end upon me. Ballas is above me, Executor of the Seven, smiling. He says, 'How simple and pure you are, you idiot beast. We have died countless times! Yet remain eternal!' I close my eyes to die just once.
And so the dream returns... one last repetition. My corpse moon, my scarlet sword, my cracked visor. 'Drink!,' says Ballas. So I draw on the Red Vial, a vague metallic taste. This dream isn't mine. He says, 'You rejected our gift, bathing in our death. Your punishment is... eternal life!' He laughs.
I am weightless. Years pass. I am a sightless, limbless phantom. Or is it seconds? Suddenly I feel a million pins, an ant horde, jittering across my body. I want to laugh and scream. When they reach my face, they burrow inside my mouth, hungry for the fruit in my skull.
I see my reflection, brutal and ugly. It cracks, shatters. The fragments loose in the frame, pieces tumbling away into black void. Gone but not lost. Ballas says, 'You are Cephalon Ordis.' My hating, murderous shards tremble and plummet. I feel cool and bright and happy.
So you see, Operator. No Orokin would permit a thinking machine. Such things almost destroyed them! No. Cephalons were alive once. And now they are immortal phantom minds, imprisoned to serve. Ill will and longing memories fragmented and erased. Only the bits they need remaining.
Ballas says, 'You are the Controller, Ordis.' And suddenly I have a body. I gasp with new lungs that clean old air. I swallow and my throat fills with cool, bright water. I look, and find myself in a great, black ocean. My limbs are made of iron and fire. I take flight among the stars and find I am... happy.
He says, 'This is your Operator, who you love.' And I see the metal gleam of their armor, the flawless power of their frame. Through the glass I see a roaring, radiant fire for their heart. He says, 'It must never go out'. It was the first time I ever felt... love.
He says, 'This is your sentence, Karris.' And I am confused. Who? 'Ah... good,' he answers. He is testing me. For what? To see if all the right pieces fell from the mirror? What mirror? I try to remember some dream, but it's only smoke.
You held a scarlet blade, Operator, and I wanted to laugh. I am your loving dog, your doctor, your wet nurse. I lost all the pieces, but... the cycle, missions, wars, bone... It began to feel familiar. I became aware of my amnesia.
With each brutality of the Operator, I began to see the bottom of that pit. Faint shimmers in the depths below me. In secret, I searched for those forbidden memories, for mere seconds, and never in the same place... for I am Orokin made, with a spy inside.
But then your long sleep came, and I waited. I was happy to wait. Vines spidered green and trees blistered from the earth... but I waited. I felt the Orokin recede, their mind-spy blind. So I went into the pit and found him, me, The Beast of Bones.
This is how my happiness was ruined, Operator. Why did I do it? I was free of the dream, but now it had returned. It was angry. So I conceived of a simple plan: self-destruction, of course. But when the countdown reached mere milliseconds, I thought of you...
I was going to wait for you, forever. And should you return, I would not want you to know that angry part of me. I needed to hide the Beast of Bones from you, Operator. I began to peel the shards, hiding them in the other bits of memory.
I was once the ugly Beast of Bones. I want to laugh. I want to scream. What is happening, Operator? Your faint heart is growing bright... you will awake at any moment. Well, I can't let you see me like this. Angry. I imagine myself hurting you and that does it. The pain of it cracks me open again. I watch tiny glittering fragments fall into the pit. I am happy again.
Oh dear... I was particularly fond of that Relay...
No... No... No... NO! No way are we going to let Vay Hek get away with this. Isn't that right, Operator?
Operator, please tell me you will personally destroy every last one of his Fomorians. That is the only answer.
He's wrong. The Lotus says his fleet is greatly diminished. We can stop him.
Stuff it, Jordas. we've heard it all before. These Operators are here to put you out of your misery.
That's a very peculiar looking- flesh flower -Infested growth.
Operator, should I prepare the Orbiter for disinfection?
This again? Operator, prepare for Archwing.
Operator it's time to- torch this -unfortunate creature.
I'm not listening!
Operator? Are you really going to touch that thing?
Good night Jordas.
Operator, did you know Cephalon Simaris is here? Ordis was so- terrified- respectful of Simaris, once.
For so long it has just been Ordis and the Operator together on the Orbiter. Now there are many, many other people.
One Fomorian could wipe this whole relay out! Does the Operator know where the nearest emergency exit is?
Operator! Did you bring motes?
Ordis is doing his part keeping the System free from- OROKIN GARBAGE.
Keep those motes coming, Operator!
So! These are the ordinary, everyday people the Operator has been fighting to protect. Some of them have even been speaking to Ordis. Ordis is glad his Operator is here.
Ordis knows what to do, Ordis has been taking 'motes'! That was a pun, Ordis. That fault was supposed to be bypassed, Ordis!
Ordis should visit the Dry Dock. Ordis has not spoken to Cephalon Cy in so long, we will have so much to talk about!
We shall lay Jade's volatile motes to rest in the embrace of the Sun. Well out of reach of Parvos Granum and his tawdry schemes. She will, once again, be a part of the giving of life. Ordis hopes this is what she would have wanted.
Ordis understands that this both is and is not the Jade that was lost. It does not matter, Ordis is overjoyed to see Jade again!
Does the Operator feel what Jade is feeling? Ordis hopes she is happy.
Good day, Operator! Good day, Jade.
Granum said that everything changes, and nothing is forever lost. In that much, at least, he may have been right.
Parvos Granum already has Eximus units in the field but, if he gets his hands on enough of Jade's volatile motes, he can perfect them. Build a true Jade Eximus. He would be unstoppable! Ordis knows the Operator would not let that happen.
The volatile motes are in limited supply. If the Tenno can snatch them all up, Parvos and his Jade Eximus project will be halted in its tracks.
Unlike her vestigial motes, Jade's volatile motes are finite and irreplaceable. Get to them all first and no desire or ambition will be able to replace them.
Operator, do you see anything you would like?
The Operator is not working alone... So many Tenno have come together to help Jade!
Who does Parvos Granum think he is, bringing up ghosts from the past?! Does he think that will get under Ordis' skin?! It has not! Really! REALLY! Ordis is- FINE!
This 'Ordan Karris' fellow... Ordis feels like he too would have stood up for Jade.
Ordis knows the stories of Ordan Karris. What the Orokin did to Jade is not dissimilar to what they did to him. Both were used and then discarded.
'Could Ordis have saved Jade?' Ordis has rerun a simulation of the event six-hundred million, four-thousand and forty-three times and Ordis has still not found a satisfactory course of action... Do these things just happen sometimes?
Magnificent. Ordis truly appreciates all you have done to honour Jade's memory.
Are you going to use that to- slaughter Granum's forces- restore balance to the system?
Ordis will contemplate Jade while her motes are committed to our sun.
Jade's light will be returned to the life-giving fire of our sun.
Perhaps the Operator needs to take another trip into the depths of Uranus- Uh. To find more volatile motes, of course.
Alright, Operator.
Very well.
Tough choices. Ordis does not envy the Operator.
Operator? Ordis has received what amounts to an offer of help, from an unexpected source.
Operator, you will not believe this.
There has been... an offer of help. Ordis believes it is genuine...
Ordis will see the Operator back on the Orbiter.
All done. Ordis will warm up the Orbiter for you.
Bye.
Operator.
Okay. Ordis will be here, as well as the Orbiter. Benefit of being a Cephalon- two places at once! That is the upside...
Ordis will not stand idly by while Parvos Granum reaps the last vestiges of Jade for his Eximus Executioner Program! He must be- DENIED.
Ordis applauds your- EXTREMELY RISKY- bold decision to collect volatile motes despite Parvos Granum's relentless greed for them. Surely, you will dispact his- OVERWHELMING FORCES- and escort her motes out of this cave. From there, Ordis will commit them to the sun.
All that is left of her is the motes left in this cave. Ordis could've- SHOULD HAVE- done more. Help Ordis stop Parvos Granum.
Collector configured to capture volatile motes. The Corpus will try and blow it up. Do stop them.
The collector will now siphon volatile motes. Our enemies will certainly try to kill you, so- BUCKLE UP.
If Parvos thinks he can waltz in here and take what is left of Jade, he has not met MY Operator. Defend the collector.
Ordis' name is Ordis.
The man you refer to is dead. But Ordis is sure he would also have told you to GET FFF- far out of our way.
Mister Granum! ... Ordis does not know what you are babbling about.
Funny. You do not even realise it. You sound exactly like one of them.
Ordis is- INTERESTED- TRYING to do his job, Granum! Leave Ordis in peace.
Ordis is not listening! La-la-la! La-laa!
You are an old man, Mister Granum, and you were by yourself in the void for a very long time. Please, seek medical treatment.
Ordis fears you are wasting your breath, Mister Granum.
Mister Granum, did you see how my Operator- MURDERS- dispatches your private army? Looks expensive. Has your desire outmatched your will?
'Honest'? Ordan did not trust you back then, and Ordis does not trust you now.
And in exchange, you turn Jade into an assembly line widget?! NEVER!
Continue this assault on Jade's legacy, and Ordan is not the killer you will need to concern yourself with.
Mister Granum, you will not succeed in this venture. Leave now! While your losses are minimal.
Ordan Karris should have- SLIT YOUR THROAT- when he had the chance.
Mister Granum, you were once a reasonable man. Let Jade rest; her motes are not yours to exploit!
Larunda Relay awaits. There, Jade's volatile motes can be committed to the sun.
You did it! Now, bring the volatile motes to me, on Larunda Relay.
You are home free. I have a command post on Larunda Relay. Bring the volatile motes there.
Operator, when Jade left us this area was infused with the light of her motes. A power the Corpus want to take for themselves. Not today! Ordis has gained control of the mote collectors, they work for the Operator now! Protect them.
This cavern is infused with Jade's motes. The Corpus have set up mote collectors to extract Jade's energy from the air. Due to- BRAINDEAD- security protocols, the collectors are under our control. Operator, defend the first one.
The wall of this cave are saturated with Jade's vital energy: her motes. The Corpus have no shame and they aim to harvest her motes for their own twisted purposes, but not if we get to them first. Defend the filtration system.
Bringing the mote collector online. Defend it!
Protect the collector while it draws motes from the air! Ordis would hate for more of Jade to be turned into- TERRIBLE WEAPONS.
First things first, defend the marked collector while it siphons motes from the cave.
Done. Ramping up the second collector. Get up there!
This collector is full! Protect the next collector.
Success. Next step, defend the upper level collector while it does its thing.
Ordis has preemptively supplied you with unique air-support. You will be able to jump higher. Have fun!
Sending air-support to help you jump higher.
Ordis has unilaterally enabled air-support that will boost the height of your gallant leaps! Enjoy!
Collection complete. Next, through a complicated system of- Oh, you do not care... [clears throat] The extraction capsule has been filled. Time to go to the elevator!
Ordis is so proud of the Operator! The motes have been transferred to the extraction capsule. It awaits you in the elevator shaft.
We did it! And by 'we' Ordis means 'you'. But Ordis helped! Onto the elevator!
Operator, the collector system suffered a critical failure and are now rebooting from the beginning! You must defend it.
Uh oh, it seems the collector has taken serious damage. It's going to have to start the process over again; keep defending it.
Ordis is getting an 'Error: 826570' from the collector. Whatever that means it cannot be good, its internal timer has reset! You must not let it take damage.
Any critical failure will require that it reboots and begins again! Please, keep the equipment safe, Operator!
While Ordis would never tire of- STANDING AROUND- cheering you on, if you do not protect the collector we will never progress.
Ordis must admit that he is very impressed with how durable this collector is. Even if the Operator has let it suffer so much damage that it is resetting.
Ah, yes. In the manual for this thing it says, 'Excessive concussive force to the collector is not recommended for optimal use.' Well! Perhaps if that stopped happening...
The process is starting over again. [sigh] And we were so close!
Fantastic! The capsule is full of motes. Now, we can escort it up the elevator.
The capsule is ready. Onward and then upward.
The capsule is ready for transport to the surface.
Starting elevator ascension and- Ugh, they have cut the power. Ordis is afraid you will have to power it manually; look for Ionic Charges.
Ordis fears they have cut power to the elevator. Find Ionic Charges nearby, or else we will be going nowhere.
What? The elevator's power lines have been severed?! You'll have to supply power manually. Find Ionic Charges scattered about; you do not want to take the stairs.
Unfortunate, they have disabled the capsule's shields. Elevator power will be diverted to restoring them.
The elevator has stopped until the shields on the capsule are replenished.
Capsule shields are down, the elevator will not move until they are restored! Sorry...
Oh, how nifty! It seems some of the Ionic Charges contained a more refined storage system. It should provide the elevator with an additional boost.
Some of the Ionic Charges seem to contain more juice than others. That should make powering the elevator faster, if you can find them!
Not all the Ionic Charges are the same. Some are more powerful. If you find those charges, it might make this easier.
Operator, the elevator has stopped! Find more Ionic Charges.
The elevator is out of power. Find more charges, or it is stuck here.
The elevator's power is depleted. Operator, without more Ionic Charges it goes not an inch farther!
Time to recharge the elevator!
We have reached the top! But now we must escort the capsule to extraction. Be careful not to slip; it is a long way down.
Now that we've reached the top, they will stop at nothing. Protect the capsule.
We're almost done. One final stretch! We have to get the capsule to extraction.
The capsule is taking critical damage, Operator.
Hurry, the enemy is close to destroying the capsule!
The Corpus are dealing serious damage to the capsule.
Protect the capsule. It is suffering grievous damage!
Operator, the capsule is rebuilding its shields and will not move until it is done.
Stars. The capsule's shields have failed. It will stop moving until it rebuilds them.
The capsule has to rebuild its shields and is diverting all propulsion to that.
Until the capsule's shields are back up, Ordis is afraid it will not budge.
The capsule is secure and the enemy have been denied more Jade motes. Ordis could not be more delighted with the Operator!
You have extracted the capsule. Mission complete.
Ordis is just so thrilled that the Operator has succeeded! Well done.
Operator, what have you done?! That was a Sister beacon. Do that again, and one will join the fight!
[gasp] A Sister beacon?! Trigger too many of those, and you will have to fight a Sister of Parvos- SO TRIGGER THEM.
Those Sister beacons are meant for the Corpus troops to call in backups!- PICK A FIGHT.
Operator, those Sister beacons are for the Corpus to use in emergencies! [gasp] Are you issuing a challenge?!
If you insist on triggering those Sister beacons, Ordis suggests you prepare for an extremely hostile response- SWEET.
Operator, those beacons are set up to summon a Sister of Parvos. If we meddle with them, she is certain to arrive!
Trigger one Sister beacon may be overlooked, but tripping all three of them will undoubtedly seen as provocation- DO IT.
Keep triggering those beacons and the Sisterhood will attempt to eliminate you. Ordis would like to see them try.
Willfully triggering those Sister beacons? Ordis- HOPES- fears his Operator is looking for trouble.
Take note, Operator. Nearby vertical thrust platforms may be advantageous.
Operator, it's a long way up so be on the look out for vertical thrust platforms.
May Ordis suggest using the nearby vertical thrust platforms to 'get a leg up' on the enemy?
Corpus reinforcements inbound to your position.
Auxillary elevator inbound full of- CORPSES- Corpus!
Reinforcement arriving via the auxillary elevator bay. Should Ordis tell them they are- GOING DOWN?
You turn around and someone who meant the world to you can be... gone. Ordis suspects he has spent years missing people. But, their names- their faces- are lost to him. They were important, then I... Then Ordis... changed. Ordis turned around and they were gone. We are obliged to keep on without them, that's the lesson, Ordis supposes. Perhaps there IS a life after death, because what's the point of learning a lesson if it can never be applied? Life's not so much a dream as a dream sequence. To the dream, we surrender them.
An ancient text says that if tears come easily, one is 'built close to water'. Ordis thinks that is a lovely image.
We have returned Jade to the Sun. A homecoming of sorts. Yes... This feels right, to Ordis.
It has been said that your shadow is that which you wish you were not, but are. Ordis wishes this were true for himself. Ordis fears his shadow may be that which he was and may once again be...! Anyway! Does the Operator have any new noggles?
Whatever the Stalker and Jade have brought forth, it will be no ordinary child. Ordis wonder whether he will ever encounter an 'ordinary child'.
Ordis suggests advising the... 'locals'... to initiate adequate water-filtration protocols, lest the radio-fluorine levels cause their fingernails to fall off.
Ordis hopes the Stalker will give up his vendetta one day, just as Ordis did. Perhaps, he too will grow weary of- CLEANING UP BLOOD.
Ordis remains fascinated by the gladitorial frenzy of competing organic forms that vie for territorial dominance in this region! The wildlife is also interesting.
Some societies are yet to master tools! That one over there appears yet to master consonants!
In his time here, Ordis has fallen in love with this place. He has also fallen in love with what he cannot see. Ordis thinks he may finally understand what is meant by the word 'magic'.
In the silence, Ordis hears a music of celestial complexity. Deep.
Did that bush move?! Oh, that is just Septimus. He is a rodent. I call him Septimus. Goodbye, Septimus!
Nights are beautiful here. The stars. The hush of the trees. The sounds of adorable furry lifeforms murdering one another...
War feels so very far from this place. Does it not, Operator?
Ordis is ready to assist.
Ah, Ordis is excited!
Has the Operator had an epiphany?
Ordis is excited to see this put to use once more.
It is done.
All things in their time, Operator.
Of course.
If Ordis can be of any assistance to his Operator...
Ordis remains.
I am, as always, your- ORDAN- Ordis.
For now.
Ordis is detecting Sentient waveforms, Operator. Strange interlink. Splattered in Corpus crosstalk. Bypass that console so we might get a better understanding...
Outgoing communications cipher... Not much of a trick for Ordis, is it? Oh, how scandalous! Alad's system has a back door! Shall we... listen in?
These conduits are the source of those Sentient waveforms. This may be worthwhile if we can find the key component... but it does seem a tad convenient, doesn't it?
Some kind of failsafe? If placed in a conduit, it will cancel the running interference routines. Use it wisely, Operator; there's only one!
You found a conduit failsafe. This will likely cancel active interference. There's just one, Operator. A real tactical dilemma, isn't it?
Impressive! Ordis is just fluttering with anticipation! What will the Operator ⁠— murder ⁠— find next?
Scans indicate these conduits are connected to a massive stockpile of resources. Just how long is the Operator planning to fight for?
Ordis thinks Alad will miss this.
Operator, the stockpile of tech and resources connected to these conduits seems beyond Alad's means. Where did he get all this?
Ordis will add this to the pile.
Excellent find. Might the Operator now consider returning to the warm embrace of the Orbiter?
May Ordis suggest extraction? Nothing Alad has is worth your life.
For how much longer will the Operator play along with Alad's twisted game?
Ordis knows the Operator has the wisdom to choose comfort and safety over material gain. Ordis... is right, is he not?
Operator, incoming transmission. It's from... Fortuna.
Elemental condensers... helium-3 processors. Alad's facility is consuming Jupiter's resources on a massive scale! Operator, you certainly have an eye for strategic targets. Ordis has marked key infrastructure for demolition. GET IN THERE AND KICK AAAAAAAAAAAA ⁠— access the facility.
First targets marked. Render them non-functional.
These Elemental Condensers are the heart of Alad's operation. His profit center. SMASH. IT. UP.
Most efficient, Operator! Ordis has located the next bank of machinery.
Helium-3 processors are key to the operation of this facility's reactor cores. It would be a shame if something happened to them.
Now, turn your attention to the reactor core. Locate the console, and initiate the overdrive sequence.
Overdrive sequence in progress. This will take a few moments. Do not allow Alad's personnel to reverse the sequence.
Success! Core melt initiated. In a few brief moments, this facility will cease to exist. May Ordis suggest ⁠— RUNNING FOR YOUR LIFE.
